Document the support for different  metric types (#657)
kedacore/keda-docs: content/docs/2.7/concepts/scaling-deployments.md

**Example:** When my instance of prometheus is unavailable 3 consecutive times, KEDA will change the HPA metric such that the deployment will scale to 6 replicas.

There are a few limitations to using a fallback:

>  - It only supports scalers if their target is an `AverageValue` metric. Thus, it is **not** supported by the CPU & memory scalers, or by scalers whose metric target type is `Value`, and will assume that fallback is disabled in those cases.

Reviewer: one idea to make this slightly clearer:

```suggestion
 - It only supports scalers whose target is an `AverageValue` metric. Thus, it is **not** supported by the CPU & memory scalers, or by scalers whose metric target type is `Value`. In these cases, it will assume that fallback is disabled.
```

**Assumptions:** KEDA must be running on Kubernetes cluster v1.18+, in order to be able to benefit from this setting.

---

> #### triggers

Reviewer 2: Good addition, thanks!

```yaml
  triggers:

>   # {list of triggers to activate scaling of the target resource}

Reviewer 2: Should we add an example?

Reviewer 3: I don't think it is needed.

Author: I didn't think so either because of the big shiny reference to all scalers below.

Author: Resolving this without adding an example, feel free to unresolve if you disagree.

```

Trigger fields:

> - **type**: Mandatory. The trigger type.
> - **metadata**: Mandatory. A mapping of key-value parameters that describe the trigger.
> - **authenticationRef**: Optional. A reference to the `TriggerAuthentication` or `ClusterTriggerAuthentication` object that is used to authenticate the scaler with the environment. More details can be found [here](/concepts/authentication).
> - **metricType**: Optional. For all scalers other than CPU and memory, supported metric types are `AverageValue` and `Value`, with `AverageValue` as a default value. For CPU and memory scalers, `AverageValue` and `Utilization` are supported. Refer to the [HPA docs](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/run-application/horizontal-pod-autoscale-walkthrough/) for how HPA calculates `replicaCount` based on metric type and value.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **type**: The type of trigger to use. (Mandatory)
- **metadata**: The configuration parameters that the trigger requires. (Mandatory)
- **authenticationRef**: A reference to the `TriggerAuthentication` or `ClusterTriggerAuthentication` object that is used to authenticate the scaler with the environment.
  - More details can be found [here](/concepts/authentication). (Optional)
- **metricType**: The type of metric that should be used. (Values: `AverageValue`, `Value`, `Utilization`, Default: `AverageValue`, Optional)
  - Learn more about how the [Horizontal Pod Autoscaler (HPA) calculates `replicaCount`](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/run-application/horizontal-pod-autoscale-walkthrough/) based on metric type and value.
  
> ⚠️ **NOTE:** All scalers, except CPU and memory, support metric types `AverageValue` and `Value` while CPU and memory supports `AverageValue` and `Utilization`.
```

> - **metricType**: Optional. For all scalers other than CPU and memory, supported metric types are `AverageValue` and `Value`, with `AverageValue` as a default value. For CPU and memory scalers, `AverageValue` and `Utilization` are supported. Refer to the [HPA docs](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/run-application/horizontal-pod-autoscale-walkthrough/) for how HPA calculates `replicaCount` based on metric type and value.

Reviewer 3: It would be great if we can add examples on metricType, ie. We have this number of replicas, we receive XYZ metric from the trigger and  metriType is set to `Value` then the target number of replicas will be approx XYZ.
And the same for `AverageValue`. So users undertand the difference.

**Assumptions:** KEDA must be running on Kubernetes cluster v1.18+, in order to be able to benefit from this setting.

---
#### triggers
```yaml
  triggers:
  # {list of triggers to activate scaling of the target resource}
```

> 💡 **NOTE:** You can find all supported triggers [here](/scalers).

Trigger fields:
- **type**: The type of trigger to use. (Mandatory)
- **metadata**: The configuration parameters that the trigger requires. (Mandatory)
- **authenticationRef**: A reference to the `TriggerAuthentication` or `ClusterTriggerAuthentication` object that is used to authenticate the scaler with the environment.
  - More details can be found [here](/concepts/authentication). (Optional)
- **metricType**: The type of metric that should be used. (Values: `AverageValue`, `Value`, `Utilization`, Default: `AverageValue`, Optional)
  - Learn more about how the [Horizontal Pod Autoscaler (HPA) calculates `replicaCount`](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/run-application/horizontal-pod-autoscale-walkthrough/) based on metric type and value.

>   - To show the different between the metric types, let's assume we want to scale a deployment with 3 running replicas based on a queue of messages. With `AverageValue` metric type, we can control how many messages, on average, each replica will handle. If our metric is the queue size, the threshold is 5 messages, and the current message count in the queue is 20, HPA will scale the deployment to 20 / 5 = 4 replicas, regardless of the current replica count. The `Value` metric type, on the other hand, can be used when we don't want to take the average of the given metric across all replicas. For example, with the `Value` type, we can control the average time of messages in the queue. If our metric is average time in the queue, the threshold is 5 milliseconds, and the current average time is 20 milliseconds, HPA will scale the deployment to 3 * 20 / 5 = 12.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - To show the differences between metric types, assume we want to scale a deployment with 3 running replicas based on a queue of messages:
      - With the `AverageValue` metric type, we can control how many messages, on average, each replica will handle. If our metric is the queue size, the threshold is 5 messages, and the current message count in the queue is 20, HPA will scale the deployment to 20 / 5 = 4 replicas, regardless of the current replica count.
      - The `Value` metric type, on the other hand, can be used when we don't want to take the average of the given metric across all replicas. For example, with the `Value` type, we can control the average time of messages in the queue. If our metric is average time in the queue, the threshold is 5 milliseconds, and the current average time is 20 milliseconds, HPA will scale the deployment to 3 * 20 / 5 = 12.
```

> > ⚠️ **NOTE:** All scalers, except CPU and memory, support metric types `AverageValue` and `Value` while CPU and memory supports `AverageValue` and `Utilization`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> ⚠️ **NOTE:** All scalers, except CPU and memory, support metric types `AverageValue` and `Value` while CPU and memory scalers both support `AverageValue` and `Utilization`.
```

  - Learn more about how the [Horizontal Pod Autoscaler (HPA) calculates `replicaCount`](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/run-application/horizontal-pod-autoscale-walkthrough/) based on metric type and value.
  - To show the differences between the metric types, let's assume we want to scale a deployment with 3 running replicas based on a queue of messages:
    - With `AverageValue` metric type, we can control how many messages, on average, each replica will handle. If our metric is the queue size, the threshold is 5 messages, and the current message count in the queue is 20, HPA will scale the deployment to 20 / 5 = 4 replicas, regardless of the current replica count.
    - The `Value` metric type, on the other hand, can be used when we don't want to take the average of the given metric across all replicas. For example, with the `Value` type, we can control the average time of messages in the queue. If our metric is average time in the queue, the threshold is 5 milliseconds, and the current average time is 20 milliseconds, HPA will scale the deployment to 3 * 20 / 5 = 12.

> > ⚠️ **NOTE:** All scalers, except CPU and memory, support metric types `AverageValue` and `Value` while CPU and memory scalers both support `AverageValue` and `Utilization`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
> ⚠️ **NOTE:** All scalers, except CPU and Memory, support metric types `AverageValue` and `Value` while CPU and Memory scalers both support `AverageValue` and `Utilization`.
```
